# What is SQL? What is DML? What is DDL? Recite the most important SQL commands.

### SQL
SQL stands for Structured Query Language. SQL is used to communicate with a database. According to ANSI (American National Standards Institute), it is the standard language for relational database management systems. SQL statements are used to perform tasks such as update data on a database, or retrieve data from a database. Some common relational database management systems that use SQL are: Oracle, Sybase, Microsoft SQL Server, Access, Ingres, etc. Although most database systems use SQL, most of them also have their own additional proprietary extensions that are usually only used on their system. However, the standard SQL commands such as "Select", "Insert", "Update", "Delete", "Create", and "Drop" can be used to accomplish almost everything that one needs to do with a database. 

### DML
Short for Data Manipulation Language, a set of statements used to store, retrieve, modify, and erase data from a database. There are two types of DML: procedural, in which the user specifies what data is needed and how to get it; and nonprocedural, in which the user specifies only what data is needed.

   - SELECT - retrieve data from the a database
   - INSERT - insert data into a table
   - UPDATE - updates existing data within a table
   - DELETE - deletes all records from a table, the space for the records remain
   - MERGE - UPSERT operation (insert or update)
   - CALL - call a PL/SQL or Java subprogram
   - EXPLAIN PLAN - explain access path to data
   - LOCK TABLE - control concurrency

### DDL
Data Definition Language (DDL) is a standard for commands that define the different structures in a database. DDL statements create, modify, and remove database objects such as tables, indexes, and users. Common DDL statements are CREATE, ALTER, and DROP.

   - CREATE - to create objects in the database
   - ALTER - alters the structure of the database
   - DROP - delete objects from the database
   - TRUNCATE - remove all records from a table, including all spaces allocated for the records are removed
   - COMMENT - add comments to the data dictionary
   - RENAME - rename an object

