### 01.What does the XML language represent? What is it used for?

* XML, or eXtensible Markup Language, is a markup language. Markup languages clarify the content in a document by tagging the elements of the document. A well-known markup language is HTML, the standard language for writing webpages. The benefit of working with XML is that it is an open standard. The structure and rules for working with XML documents are well documented by the [World Wide Web Consortium](http://www.w3c.org). XML is also quite simple and understandable: you can view an XML file in any text editing application and even edit its content. Because XML is an open standard, anyone with sufficient understanding can process an XML document into other formats, such as plain text, HTML, or even other XML formats.

* Before you can create an XML document, you need to define the rules of your document: which elements (tags) can exist, which elements contain other elements, which elements are optional or required, what attributes each element has, and so on. You define the rules of an XML document in a Document Type Definition, or DTD. Every markup language has a DTD so that parsers know how to verify the structure of documents. Without a DTD, it is impossible for the parser to validate an XML document. Every XML document requires a DTD.
If you are working with a predefined language, such as HTML or the Final Cut Pro XML Interchange Format, the DTD has already been created for you. All you need to do is follow the rules of the DTD to create valid Final Cut Pro XML.

* XML documents can be used to represent almost any kind of information. Unlike languages such as HTML, XML has no predefined elements. XML is not one format; rather, XML is used to create specific XML-based markup languages. Just because an application supports XML does not mean that it can recognize any kind of XML document. For example, a database application may use an XML format with elements like &lt;row&gt;, &lt;column&gt;, and &lt;subtotal&gt;, while a graphics application might store information in elements such as &lt;layer&gt;, &lt;shape&gt;, and &lt;color&gt;. Even though both documents are XML, they are incompatible because their Document Type Definitions are completely different.